📃 [Documentation] 841 Adding new features documentation (#848)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/run-text-search.md

# Text Search

Tracetest enables you to find the information you need more easily by using the text search input at the top of the Diagram view.

> There you can type anything you want to find and the app will try to match it with any span attribute key & value while highlighting the options for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can type text into the search and the app will try to match it with any span attribute key and value while highlighting the options for you.
```

> To use this feature go to the any run details page and identify the search input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this feature, go to the any run details page and identify the search input.
```

> After that simply add any text you want to look for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then simply add any text you want to look for.
```

> Looking for http

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for 'http':
```

![Text Search HTTP](img/text-search-http.png)

> Trying to match the insert into statement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Match the 'insert into' statement:
```
